READ ME

We decided to remake Tetris utilizing the Pygame library.

While we didn't include every feature of the original game,
we tried to implement the most essential/fun.
That includes rotating the pieces via the up arrow key, 
moving the piece a little quicker using the down arrow key, 
and having a soundtrack play while the game runs. 
The side arrow keys shift the piece from left to right on the grid. 
When a line is filled with the pieces, it is cleared, and 100 points are added to your score 
on the right side, where it is displayed. If the pieces begin to stack up and reach where the 
pieces are created, a game over screen appears. The game over screen also instructs you to press
the spacebar to restart the game if you want. Due to a significant underestimation of the complexity
of Tetris, our AI implementation was waived.

The gimmick with how we created Tetris is implementing an array back grid, a two-dimensional list that
 stores values in “rows. The tetrominoes are represented as strings that look like Tetris pieces. 
 The two-dimensional lists allow multiple states for each piece to allow us to rotate the shape easily. 
 Using Pygame, we can make a Tetris screen that includes grid boxes that can store colors, allowing us 
 to represent a shape in its place. Drawing the shapes on the screen involves iterating through the shape 
 lists and converting the strings into pieces on the board. Clearing the lines, locking pieces, and inserting 
 new shapes on the grid all involve modifying the array back grid. We have a driver method that enables the game 
 to run and allows the user to use the arrow keys and spacebar to play the game via the Pygame library.

The Tetris game works overall. The scoring, game-over status, and restarting of the game are functional.
We werent able to implement a menu screen or a difficulty feature. Unfortunately, a known bug in our code removes all blocks if 3 lines or more are cleared at once, but it doesn’t break the game.

Heres instructions on how to run our game:
In the terminal run this command: python3 -m pip install -U pygame

Click on tetris.py.
Run the game.
